Linux From Scratch pacman project by Armin K.

This repository contains PKGBUILDs for my personal Linux From
Scratch based distribution which uses pacman as its package
manager. The final system is multilib capable (with some
packages built for 32/64 bit by default), which also means
that these PKGBUILDS are written to work only when building
64 bit Linux From Scratch.

PKGBUILDs are written from scratch, some using BLFS/LFS,
instructions, some written by me, and some parts taken from
Arch Linux as-is (pacman hooks come to mind). Requirement to
bootstrap this Linux From Scratch based system is a temporary
toolchain built using my set of scripts located at
tools/ subdirectory of this repository.

The order of packages is not entirely dictated by the
Linux From Scratch book, but rather on my own preference
and testing. It does not just build the LFS, but, as I
like to say, both LFS, BLFS and BBLFS(1) at the same time
and in one go.

Final system is built using clang instead of gcc wherever
possible (there are some packages that won't build with
clang). clang is configured to use its own runtime
libraries (compiler-rt instead of libgcc, libc++ instead
of libstdc++ and libomp instead of libgomp). It also
incorporates SELinux support into packages that support
it.

In order to bootstrap this system, make sure you adjust
the following variables in shared.sh file:

 - LFS: Where is LFS partition mounted?
 - PKGBUILDS: Where on the LFS partition is clone of this
   repository located (must not include $LFS, it is
   prepended when needed).
 - BUILDDIR: Where on the LFS partition the packages will
   be built (again, $LFS must not be included and will
   be prepended when needed).

If desired, adjust anything in pkgbuilds/filesystem/*
to get the desired layout of the filesystem and some
branding.

bootstrap script located in the repository toplevel is
used to bootstrap the filesystem package and everything
else. To stop it building beyond file system bootstrap,
add "exit 0" just before PKGS=(... line.

Any package can be built and installed separately by
running the "build" script inside its own directory.
Behaviour of the process can be changed in the shared
"build" script in the repository toplevel.

Feel free to report bugs and send pull requests.

(1) BBLFS - Beyond BLFS
